Home of the Future has to protect,
be flexible and be responsive.
Samsung is ready to meet these challenges.
Making the promise of the connected Smart Home a reality.
We will seed
and support the next generation of technology.
IoT, AI, AR an autonomous driving.
AI is revolutionizing
what our connected devices can do.
We will continue to focus on future technologies
that are safe and responsible.
For AI to be transformational.
Its capabilities must be safe and accessible to all.
Good afternoon.
Please welcome CEO and Head of Device Experience
Division at Samsung Electronics.
JH Han.
Hello.
Welcome to  CES 2025.
It's great to see you again!
Last year we shared our vision of ‘AI for all’
Really combining the intelligence
and connected devices
to create unparalleled experience for everyone.
It’s a vision
that actually started in 2014
when we said, right here at CES,
that our homes would be smart in a decade.
today.
I want to redefine what home means to us
and introduce our roadmap for ‘Home AI’.
For the past ten years,
we have led innovation in the home,
making your home smarter
with every step forward.
With SmartThings, your connected TVs
mobile devices and home appliances
even cooktops and robot vacuums
can work together
to help make life more comfortable.
Technologies like Calm Onboarding
can automatically recognize and connect devices
helping users make the most of their smart home experience
And it's more than 340 SmartThings partners,
the possibilities are greater than ever.
Now it's time to take the next step
and share how we will again
reshape our industry with ‘Home AI’
First and foremost,
our top priority
will always be safety and security.
Samsung Knox was about 10 years ago
a mobile security platform that has evolved
into a comprehensive security system.
And the new Knox Matrix Dashboard
makes it even more intuitive
to manage your Home AI security.
We are also expanding Knox Vault
to include the home appliances
such as refrigerators, ovens, washers and more.
As in mobile devices and TVs,
home appliances with comparable hardware
will protect sensitive data
from the hardware up.
Second, the way we live is evolving,
and with it, the role of the home, too.
Single person households,
shared houses
roommates and pets,
and multi-generational families.
in various forms,
We rest, walk, exercise and create at home.
These changes mean
personalization is all the more important.
With Home AI,
Samsung is creating experiences
that go beyond connection and automation.
Home AI can help you save time as well as energy
It can help you keep your family and your home safe,
and it can recommend what you need
before you even know it
to live better, easier, and simpler.
By understanding
all of these unique needs
Home AI can infuse more comfort and joy
into your life.
Truly, Samsung is leading the Home AI revolution
by harnessing expertise across the device
components and software.
I'm proud of how we introduced
new technologies and intelligence to the Home,
conducted the Things, and set the standard
for the Home of the Future.
We will continue this journey of Home AI leadership,
not just for the next decade,
but for the next century.
And we don't stop at the Home.
My colleagues have to share
how we are working to expand
the benefits of Home AI into other industries
and into society, too.
Shall we jump in?
Enjoy!
Please.
Welcome to the stage.
Head of connected experience center
at Samsung Electronics America.
Jonathan Gabrio
Hello.
It's the age of Home AI.
and as JH just mentioned, Samsung
has been charting this path for the last decade.
We've brought intelligent,
powerful, and personalized experiences,
leveraging every breakthrough advancement
we could dream up
to make AI work for you.
Now, your devices are smart and they're connected.
They have learned your likes and dislikes,
your routines,
your health concerns and medical details.
Even your voice.
With data like this, it's critical
that we ensure it's managed securely
For as long as we've been investing
in intelligent connectivity.
We've also been investing in strong security.
Knox is Samsung's comprehensive security platform
that helps keep your Home AI safe.
Knox matrix uses blockchain technology
so your devices work together
to protect each other from security threats.
If a device is compromised, your Knox Secured
home will know which one to isolate,
keeping the rest of your smart home safe.
And when information is passed across devices,
Knox Credentials Sync
ensures that data can only be encrypted
and decrypted on the user's devices.
so nobody but the user can see it.
even if a server or an account is compromised.
And with the new Knox Matrix Dashboard,
you can see the status of all your devices
and even prompt security updates
right from your connected screen equipped device.
Whether it's a smartphone, tablet,
TV, refrigerator, laundry combo, you get the idea.
As for Knox Vault,
we will extend it beyond mobile devices and TVs
to our home appliances.
Knox vault uses the technology
from our secure processors
to isolate your most sensitive details
like PINs, passwords, and biometrics from other details
so your data is kept securely and separately,
increasing security.
And as AI makes the need for security and privacy greater,
we're also leveraging smarter technologies
for security solutions, too.
Edge AI, collects diverse data
from your connected devices,
and analyzes real time contacts to orchestrate
how they work together.
The key is,
Edge AI processes this data within your local network
so your information stays at home.
So, as your experiences
get more intuitive and your days get more simple,
you never have to feel lost in managing your data.
Now, of course,
the data we're protecting is different for everyone
depending on how you use your devices.
For me, I'm juggling schedules with my kids
and meal prepping for the entire family.
But maybe you're trying to keep
your electricity bill low,
or you're a freelancer going from coffee shop,
to an office, to home, and back.
In every case,
our teams are working to create solutions
that work for you.
To create a world
where technology doesn't ask you to change,
but adapts to the life that you've created.
We call this experience Home AI.
Powered by your SmartThings connected devices.
Home AI creates an intelligent ecosystem
that learns, understands,
and adapts to how you and your loved ones
live, work, and entertain.
The first step is streamlining
how you interact with your devices.
Samsung provides an integrated software experience
across their connected devices,
enabling them to work better together
and enhancing the AI experience.
That experience is One UI
First introduced in the smartphone.
One UI has been expanded
to cover the entire ecosystem,
including  TVs and home appliances.
Designed to create a cohesive
and harmonious user experience.
One UI also supports software updates for up
to seven years, bringing consistency
to your Home AII experiences.
These streamlined, personalized services come to life with AI.
Say your parents living with you
and they use high contrast setting on their phone
when they ask the refrigerator's
food list for grocery recommendations,
or the bespoke air laundry combo
to recommend a new cycle.
Thanks to Bixby and One UI,
it will automatically display everything in high contrast mode.
Just like your phone.
This is made possible by bringing
speaker recognition to Bixby,
so it can recognize individual voices
and identify each member of your household
to respond to their commands in a way that works
for them.
Powered by spatial AI, SmartThings ambient sensing
will go beyond just understanding
your commands to process context,
so will route your requests to the right devices,
rooms, and features, all automatically.
This means Home AI will know
when you’ve fallen asleep ,watching a movie
and turn off the lights,
or after you’ve blow dried your hair,
It will be able to send in the robot vacuum
to do a targeted clean,
And if you're away,
it will keep you updated on your pets.
Just like a video diary!
There's more our AI can do to help you not
just enjoy those little moments,
but save for the big ones too.
With home insight and smart things,
you can have a better handle
on your electricity usage across
all of your SmartThings connected devices.
Optimize when you turn things on and off and lower
those electricity bills.
That can be a huge cost savings.
I'm also happy to share
that our energy demand response program
with Smart Things, called Flex Connect,
is coming to even more homes in the United States.
With Flex Connect
Smarting incentivizes users in New York and California
to enroll in devices
and use SmartThings energy
to decrease strain on the electricity grids.
Users can even redeem their Samsung
Rewards points from Flex Connect
on their next Samsung.com purchase.
Now, Flex Connect will also be coming to select regions
in Texas in 2025, helping address
electrical grid needs in the state.
With Home AI,
we help you save both energy and time.
We're adding up all those little moments
so you can spend more time doing
what matters to you most.
One way where just using their
or you're boosting your productivity
that I'm excited to share today
is our new Galaxy Book 5 Pro
and Galaxy Book 5 360.
Our latest AI PCs.
Galaxy Book 5 Pro and Galaxy Book 5 360
offer even more choice
for users who want next level performance
for productivity, creativity, and connectivity.
AI Select helps you access
quality search results
faster and easier
while browsing, shopping or viewing.
You can seamlessly work across
your smartphone or tablet PC
with features like Samsung Studio to edit creative
projects at home and on the go or wherever.
Inspiration strikes.
And new Storage Share lets you move files
between your Galaxy smartphone,
your tablet and your PC
into one complete bank of storage.
Now, to do all of this, Galaxy Book 5 Pro
and Galaxy Book 5 360
are powered by the latest Intel Core Ultra processors
and we have the CEO of Intel products,
Michelle Johnson Holthaus.
To tell you more.
Hi everyone. Michelle Johnston Holthaus here-
interim co-CEO of Intel and CEO of Intel Products.
It's great to be partnering with Samsung,
one of our most innovative collaborators.
AI is fundamentally transforming,
reshaping and restructuring the PC experience.
with groundbreaking products like Intel Core Ultra,
customers are seeing the benefits of AI PCs
nearly immediately – saving time
providing more secure business experiences,
and driving efficiencies.
Millions of these computers are deployed in the market already.
At the core of every great IPC is an exceptional PC,
and we're proud to have Samsung as
a valued partner on this journey.
2025 promises to be even more exciting
through our core engineering efforts,
we've created the Samsung Galaxy Book 5 Pro,
designed to elevate creativity and productivity for its users.
And we’re taking it a step further this year –
we're expanding beyond B2C
and taking AI PCs, like the Galaxy Book, to businesses globally.
Congrats to Team Samsung
on the launch of the Galaxy Book5 Pro!
This brand embodies innovation and progress,
and Intel looks forward to many more years of
creating groundbreaking products together.
Thank you for having me.
Please welcome to the stage
Senior Vice President of Digital Health Team
at Samsung Electronics Hon Park.
Hi everyone.
You've heard a lot about Home AI,
How we're integrating smarter features
into our existing experiences to enhance your life.
I'm excited to be here to talk to you
about how our connected devices, combined
with Samsung Health,
help you take control of your health and wellness.
You may be familiar with our wearables
like the Galaxy Wing and Galaxy Watch
that work alongside our smartphones
to integrate the sensors that monitor heart rate,
stress, sleep, and so much more.
But what truly sets Samsung Health apart
is how these devices come together and integrate seamlessly,
not just with mobile products,
but across your entire home.
We're all busy, and keeping ourselves
and our families healthy can be challenging.
Our vision is to use AI
and all the connected devices at home,
and create a truly an End-to-End health experience,
making it easier to help you create healthier habits
and detect abnormalities earlier on.
Plus, we're working with industry leading partners
to use our home AI insights
to create a more personal,
seamless health experiences.
I'm very happy to announce that one of
these efforts is our continued work with Dexcom.
Dexcom biosensors
track glucose, providing people with accurate,
timely insights into our food, medication, sleep,
and exercise impact our health.
In the future, Integrating these insights
with Samsung's AI appliances
SmartThings and Samsung Health.
We envision a new, more personalized way
to empower millions more people
to manage their diabetes
and overall metabolic health.
With partners like these, we can offer a truly
end-to-end  health experience
right from your living room.
Let's take a look at two ways this comes to life.
The first is sleep.
As all of you know, globally about
62% of the adults say they don't get enough sleep.
We all know that poor sleep
leads to increased physical and mental health problems
and that a good night's sleep is essential
to your health and wellness.
With the data from your Galaxy Ring or Galaxy Watch,
Samsung Health uses AI
to recommend ways to address your concerns.
So, say you're having difficulty falling asleep
and waking up “hot” at 3am every night.
Samsung Health,
hand in hand with SmartThings, can help
automatically optimize your sleeping environment.
For example,
you can have your blinds closed before you go to bed,
or turn down your thermostat
by a couple of degrees at 2:30 a.m.
to see if this improves your sleep
or if you're waking up tired consistently.
It may be related to a medical
condition called sleep apnea.
Our Galaxy Watch with Samsung Health
can detect signs of moderate to severe sleep apnea,
and if your data shows any concerning trends,
Samsung Health will recommend
that you consult your doctor to learn more.
Of course, nutrition is also an important factor to our health.
Samsung Health and Samsung Food
makes it easier for you to eat healthier at home.
For example, if you're following a diet,
you can include your goals in Samsung Health
and Samsung Food will be able to recommend
appropriate recipes
based on the ingredients
that you have in the Family Hub fridge.
You'll also be able to receive an AI based summary
and insights of your nutrition trends.
So if you're missing certain nutrients
or over indexing on others,
you can receive recommendations
and take the guesswork out of meal planning.
As we look to the future,
connected health power by AI
can help us make sense of our data,
and empower us to make a meaningful
and powerful positive difference
in how we live our lives.
I look forward to seeing you at our booth
to show you how Samsung will help care for
you and your loved ones.
Thank you very much.
Please
welcome to the Stage Corporate communications
professional at Samsung Electronics America,
Alana Gomez Solis.
Hello CES!
As you've heard,
Samsung's Home AI is making a big difference
in how we use the smart devices we have at home.
But figuring out where to start
that can feel complicated.
So I challenge myself
to integrate AI into my life in my apartment.
And as many ways as I could.
Now I'm here to share some of those tips and tricks
that help make my busy days in New York
so much easier.
From morning tonight.
Now let's start on a Monday morning.
While I catch up on my emails,
I'm usually thinking about meal planning for the week
and all of the chores that I put off over the weekend.
To be honest, it can be a little stressful.
But with AI on Samsung's latest TVs,
my new refrigerators,
9 inch AI home, and the bespoke AI laundry combo
crossing things off my to do list is a lot easier.
While enjoying my morning coffee in the kitchen,
I use my Refrigerator's
AI home screen to check my schedule for the day
and the weather forecast.
So I can pick out the perfect outfit
during lunch.
I always check in on my dog Pierre.
his lovely friend, my jet bot combo.
I will pay him a visit
so I can see through its camera
on my SmartThings app
that he is, of course, taking a nap.
And after a long day at work,
I look forward to trying new recipes.
So I love that I can easily
see what's in my fridge from the food list
made by AI vision inside.
My refrigerator screen shows me that
I have just enough spinach, eggs, and tomatoes,
but I need to order more milk
through Instacart for tomorrow morning
when I'm ready to cook.
I search for the recipe and send it over
to the seven inch AI home screen on my range.
This lets me easily
follow the perfect quiche recipe.
I've been dying to make.
No skipped steps or missed ingredients
after dinner.
Before I get too relaxed, I need to do my laundry,
which used to be my least favorite chore.
The bespoke AI laundry combo
a washer and dryer in a single unit is perfect
for making the best use of my apartment space.
Now I can finally binge
a few episodes of my comfort show.
But listen, I have to admit
I'm guilty of taking out my phone,
falling down the internet rabbit hole,
searching every guest actor
I know I've seen before.
I just can't remember from where.
Well, with the click to search feature,
I can just push the AI button on my remote
and get information on the actor.
Other shows they've been in, and even recommended
shows just like the one I'm watching.
So no more rabbit holes!
Of course,
having a great picture is still so important to me
when watching TV,
but it can get annoying if I have to
change the picture mode and the settings
Every time I watch a different show.
Samsung's new AI mode works behind the scenes
to detect the content you're watching
and automatically optimize
both picture and sound
based on your viewing environment or preferences.
Samsung is also using AI
in other ways to make things more personal.
I spent a ton of time
making sure my apartment reflects my style,
and that includes the art I put on my walls
with the generative wallpaper feature.
Your compatible Samsung TV can instantly
create pictures that match your taste.
And starting this year,
all Samsung QLED TVs,
along with the Frame
and micro LED will feature Samsung Art store
with over 3,000 pieces of art
that you can display anywhere.
You have a compatible Samsung TV.
It's like bringing the best of MOMA
and Musee d'Orsay right to your living room.
Actually, it's just that.
Well, you know
how time flies, especially when watching TV,
but it's really time to finish my laundry.
Since the bespoke I laundry combo
completed the cycle without me
having to switch it from washing to drying,
I was able to enjoy the entire show without interruption.
It also comes with a seven inch screen
for ultimate multitasking,
which means I can turn on music
or answer a phone call
directly from the combo
while I organize my fresh, clean clothes.
We've talked a lot about
how intelligence makes life more convenient,
and now I want to share
just one more way we're combining intelligence
and technology into one tiny,
cute, and seriously smart bundle.
I'm happy to announce that Ballie,
the smart AI companion, will be available
in the first half of 2025.
Ballie is an AI home companion
that continuously learns and evolves
to understand and get to know you,
providing personalized experience over time.
With AI and our latest appliances
and screen experiences throughout my home.
I can make every day a little easier
and a little more me.
I hope you can find a few similar ways to do the same.
Thank you.
Please welcome to the Stage
Display product marketing professional
at Samsung Electronics America.
Sean Michael.
Hi, everyone.
So far you've heard of Samsung is embedding
AI across the home
to make your life
more enjoyable and easier to manage.
I am thrilled to be here today
to share a few incredible new ways
SmartThings is going beyond your home
to bring intelligence to everyday, everywhere.
Let's start
with our B2B solution, SmartThings Pro,
introduced last June.
SmartThings Pro, with compatible devices,
can make everything
from your hotel room to your favorite store
just as customizable as your living room.
We created Smart Things Pro to bring the same
AI powered digital solutions to business partners.
As SmartThings brings to millions of consumers.
So with SmartThings Pro,
businesses have a one-stop AI-based solution.
better manage your energy usage,
proactively identify devices
with maintenance needs, and ultimately take control
of your connected devices and services.
Whether you're managing multifamily
residential buildings,
schools, hotels or retail stores,
say you own a few shops
and they all open at 10AM
today.
You might get to your first store at eight to clean.
Turn the heat up, set the music,
boot up all your devices and get things organized
before you drive across town at
nine and do it all over again
with SmartThings Pro.
All of this can be set up automatically.
managing multiple locations is seriously simplified,
helping you save energy and time.
Or if you're managing a hotel,
Smart Things Pro can offer
personalized experiences
tailored to each guest preferences.
Using AI from lighting to temperature, humidity,
even ambient sounds at night,
Smart Things Pro will ensure their room
gives them a home away from home comfort.
For office managers and bigger businesses,
we're working with partners
to build a new on premise
future space platform for buildings
and large offices called FIT.
Built to better understand the building’s space
and infrastructure,
FIT will give you new ways to personalize
and optimize an office layout.
Use less AC equipment for a cleaner look
while reducing electricity costs by controlling
the sunlight coming in and the heating coming out.
As we look to the future.
Another new SmartThings collaboration set to make waves is
with Samsung Heavy Industries.
Yes, that means SmartThings is coming to ships.
SmartThings for ships is a new integration
that uses Matter,
the connectivity standard
to connect with compatible ships.
Wow. Indeed.
Start your engine, set the temperature
and turn on lights with pre sailing mode,
saving the captain
and crew's time and energy to get ready to set sail
while you're on the way.
Get a complete
look at your ship's compatible power AC systems,
air quality, fire and smoke alarms with care mode.
Plus, when you're not on the go,
protection mode is constantly monitoring
for any abnormal activities
and will alert you immediately if something is off.
Just like managing your smart home,
Smart Things for ships gives you all these insights
with just a glance at the SmartThings
Pro dashboard.
It makes it easy to stay in control so you
can be your own captain,
or at least stay up to date if they are away.
Of course, not all of us here have a boat.
But what's really exciting
is that we're bringing SmartThings Pro
to a whole new category.
It demonstrates just how far we've come
since Samsung set up to connect all devices.
Way back in 2014.
we have one more SmartThings integration to share
when you're on the go.
SmartThings can still provide the intuitive,
integrated experience as you have at home,
but now in your car.
We're working with Hyundai Motor Group
to bring smart things to your Hyundai EVs.
With the power of Home AI.
SmartThings can recommend the best time
to charge your EV
based on your schedule,
electricity prices, and more.
Or if there's a power outage in your neighborhood,
Smart Things Energy will activate battery backup mode,
and together with AI energy mode,
your car can intelligently power
your home and prioritize the essentials.
Say you've lost your car
in a crowded parking lot
after maybe holiday shopping.
Smart Things Find can now help locate your vehicles
and show them in the SmartThings app.
These are just some of the ways our Home AI vision
extends far beyond the home.
To make life a little bit easier everywhere we go.
Of course, I can't mention automotives
without bringing up Harman.
Last year at CES,
we showed you how Harman's ready products
used AI for better in-cabin experiences.
These technologies will get even better.
We're exploring new in-vehicle avatars
that work with Harman Ready Care
and Ready Vision to be your digital copilot,
anticipating what you need and responding naturally
through voice and visuals
so you can focus on the road.
These avatars make the in-vehicle experience friendlier,
more approachable, and easier to navigate.
Plus,
they can be customized to match any brand identity
so vehicle manufacturers can match them
to the lineup's latest look and feel.
Whether you're on the road
or planning an island-hopping vacation,
our SmartThings integrations
bring our home AI vision to much more
than your living room.
It's all about using AI to make life easier
for you, your customers, and for all.
I'm excited for you to try out these experiences
at our booth tomorrow.
Thank you.
Please welcome to the stage
Vice President of Corporate Sustainability Center
at Samsung Electronics
InHee Chung.
Hello everyone!
It's great to be back on the CES stage.
All of the innovations you've heard about today
are supported by a commitment
to harness the power of technology
for a better, more inclusive world.
Let's take AI a game changer
for making life simpler and more convenient.
And the benefits of
AI must extend not just to some, but to all.
One way we're doing this
is by introducing diverse
and enhanced accessibility features
with our AI powered devices and services.
From the moment you start to set up
a new appliance, like a laundry combo,
you can sync accessibility settings
on your mobile phone.
Also, Bixby can recognize each member
of your household
just by their voice.
Thanks to this feature,
your intelligent home will know
when to display your text in high contrast
across each device
or automatically provide a voice guide
for family members with low vision.
This will be available for our home appliances
with touch screens
from the first half of this year.
We've also used AI to improve our audio subtitles
available for seven languages
in select TVs and smart monitors,
Before, our audio subtitles
played over the original content.
Now AI knows to separate
and reduce the volume of the foreign dialog,
but not the background sounds and effects.
This allows for a seamless viewing experience
while the subtitles are read out
in the language you choose.
As we look to the future,
we're also innovating for the next generation.
Samsung has been running programs
to give young leaders
opportunities to explore new technologies.
So for tomorrow is our annual competition,
now in 66 countries,
that has challenged more than 2.6 million students
to use science, technology, engineering and math,
or Stem to bring ideas to life
and directly address challenges in their communities.
During the Olympic and Paralympic Games Paris 2024,
we have ten teams
from the solve for tomorrow winners
who demonstrate the spirit of the Olympics
and invited them
to a launch ceremony with International Olympic
and Paralympic Committees.
Together, we are activating a digital community
that leveragesthe transformative power
of sports and technology
to make a meaningful difference.
We have also worked with nearly 180,000 young people
across 33 countries
as part of the Samsung Innovation Campus program.
Samsung Innovation Campus helps train young people
entering the workforce
and emerging technologies like AI
IoT and big data alongside the soft skills
needed when starting a new job.
Beyond these programs at Samsung,
we also work with incredible partners
who share our sustainability goals.
I am delighted to introduce Achim Steiner
from the United Nations Development Program.
Let's hear from Achim to share more.
My name is Adam Steiner.
I had the United Nations Development Program,
also known as UNDP.
Five years ago,
Samsung and UNDP embarked
on a bold journeybto harness
the power of ‘technology for good’.
Together, we created
the Samsung Global Goals App.
To date, the app has raised
over 20 million dollars for the Global Goals
thanks to the nearly 300 million users
who are using a Galaxy smartphone, tablet or watch,
This initiative is a testament
to the power of technology
in enabling people to take meaningful action,
whether it's tackling poverty, driving climate action
or advancing gender equality.
Moreover, through Samsung's
cutting edge galaxy technology,
mentorship and networking opportunities,
our Joint Generation 17 program
is empowering extraordinary young leaders
across the world
while mobilizing their communities
to advance the global goals.
I'm deeply proud
of what we have achieved together so far.
Let's continue forging new digital pathways
that connect us to a sustainable future for all.
Thank you and back to you.
Thank you. Achim!
We believe that technology plays a crucial role
in creating a better society for everyone.
We will continue to work
with global partners, including UNDP,
so that technology can create
a sustainable society for future generations.
Now let me bring JH back to the stage.
Our vision for Home AI
goes beyond the concept of a ‘Smart Home.’
The ‘Intelligent Home’ will understand you
recognizing family members
and making recommendations
based on usage patterns.
It will provide truly personalized services
tailored to your needs.
I can't wait for you to experience
Samsung’s Home AI at our booth!
Thank you
Thank you,
and have a great CES!
Hey, when is the Samsung Galaxy Unpacked?
Can you put it on my calendar? Hey!